Data Ingestion API (not CCDM) -- deprecated saving for now (#91)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/data-ingestion/index.md

| `x-api-key`        | Yes      | Public API Key. TODO: add link docs according to https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ACDS/Feed+Ingestion+Service+-+notes+for+public+docs#FeedIngestionServicenotesforpublicdocs-RegistertenantAPIkeys                              |
| `x-gw-signature`   | Yes      | JWT generated for Public API key. TODO: add link to docs according to https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/ACDS/Feed+Ingestion+Service+-+notes+for+public+docs#FeedIngestionServicenotesforpublicdocs-ObtainaJWTtokenforyourrequest |
| `Content-Encoding` | No       | Use this header only if the payload is compressed with gzip. Accepted value: `gzip`                                                                                                                                                |

## Examples

Let's check basic scenarios on how you may use Data Ingestion API

Example below demonstrate how you can create your Catalog in Commerce Services.

> This example will register 4 products, category tree, product attributes metadata and scopes in Commerce Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use the Data Ingestion API  to create a catalog in Commerce Services. In the API requests, the payload specifies the product attributes, scopes, customer groups, prices, and catalog navigation.
- Define the product attributes metadata available for configuring products.
- Represent the website-store-storeview structure for a store with one website, store, and storeview by defining scopes.
- Define the customer groups
- Define four simple products using the available attributes
- Define prices for each product
- Create the catalog navigation by defining categories and category paths.
```

```shell
curl --location 'https://commerce.adobe.io/feeds/<API_ENDPOINT>/<DATA_SPACE_ID>' \
--header 'Content-Type:  application/json' \
--header 'x-api-key: <API_KEY>' \
--header 'x-gw-signature: <JWT_TOKEN>' \
--data '<API_PAYLOAD>'
```

| Placeholder name | Description                                                                                                     |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| API_ENDPOINT     | API endpoint retrieved from API reference for specific Data Ingestion API, for example: `metadata/v2/metadata`  |
| DATA_SPACE_ID    | Data Space ID obtained in [this section](#register-saas-project)                                                |
| API_KEY          | API_KEY obtained in [this section](#register-tenant-api-keys)                                                   |
| JWT_TOKEN        | JWT token obtained in [this section](#obtain-a-jwt-token-for-your-request)                                      |
| API_PAYLOAD      | API payload see in examples below                                                                               |

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding a top-level heading for all the payload examples with links to each section.

### API Payload

In Data Ingestion API requests, the payload can specify the product attributes, scopes, customer groups, prices, and catalog navigation for the catalog.

This example shows different payloads to create catalog components including the following:
- Define the product attributes metadata available for configuring products.
- Represent the website-store-storeview structure for a store with one website, store, and storeview by defining scopes.
- Define the customer groups
- Define four simple products using the available attributes
- Define prices for each product
- Create the catalog navigation by defining categories and category paths.

> ### Define product attributes and their characteristics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Define product attributes and their characteristics
```

    "frontendInput": "select",
    "required": false,
    "unique": false,
    "global": true,
    "visible": true,
    "searchable": true,
    "filterable": true,
    "visibleInCompareList": true,
    "visibleInListing": false,
    "sortable": false,
    "visibleInSearch": false,
    "filterableInSearch": false,
    "searchWeight": 1,
    "usedForRules": false,
    "systemAttribute": true,
    "numeric": false,
    "modifiedAt": "2024-02-20 19:38:26",
    "deleted": false
  },
  {
    "websiteCode": "us",
    "storeCode": "us",
    "storeViewCode": "us_en",
    "attributeCode": "size",
    "attributeType": "catalog_product",
    "dataType": "int",
    "multi": false,
    "label": "size",
    "frontendInput": "select",
    "required": false,
    "unique": false,
    "global": true,
    "visible": true,
    "searchable": true,
    "filterable": true,
    "visibleInCompareList": false,
    "visibleInListing": false,
    "sortable": false,
    "visibleInSearch": false,
    "filterableInSearch": false,
    "searchWeight": 1,
    "usedForRules": false,
    "systemAttribute": true,
    "numeric": false,
    "modifiedAt": "2024-02-20 19:38:26",
    "deleted": false
  }
]
```

> ### Define scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Define scopes

Scope determines the websites and storefronts where catalog data is available for use.

For Commerce projects built on Commerce Foundation, a store is represented by the [website - store - storeview](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/start/setup/websites-stores-views) structure. The following payload defines a single website with one store and one storeview.
```

Define Website - Store - Store View structure

API Reference: [Scopes API](./data-ingestion/data-ingestion/#tag/scopes/operation/PostV1Scopes)
API Payload to register Website - Store - Store Views:

```json
[
  {
    "website": {
      "websiteCode": "us",
      "stores": [
        {
          "storeCode": "us",
          "storeViews": [
            {
              "storeViewCode": "us_en"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    "updatedAt": "2024-02-26T16:47:08+00:00",
    "deleted": false
  }
]
```

> 
> Define customer groups. Shoppers requests prices providing `WEBSITE_CODE` and `CUSTOMER_GROUP_CODE` scopes.
> Please define all Customer Groups related to Website applicable for your Store.
> Soft limit: 1000 per website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Define customer groups

Shoppers request prices by providing the `WEBSITE_CODE` and `CUSTOMER_GROUP_CODE` scopes.

The following payload shows an example that defines a single customer group.  For your store, you must define all customer groups associated with each store website.
Soft limit: 1000 per website
```
